leopards were going into houses picking
up children and dragging them away in
the whole of India only the state of
Uttarakhand was was what's difficult to
understand is why should just taking a
leopard from one place and putting it
another place cause all these problems
what effect would translocation have on
a leopard it seems that the actual act
of capturing the animal leads to stress
people are rounded it gets injured every
leopard captured he has suffered a
terrible ordeal highly stressed the
animals were taken up to 250 kilometers
away and literally dumped you take such
an animal when you go put it in some
forest it's never seen a forest in its
life they don't know if anything about
that so they're screwed up
you